Adding robustica option to ICA decomposition to achieve consistent results (#1013)
ME-ICA/tedana: docs/faq.rst

The PCA components are then used to calculate the same number of ICA components.
The ``--tedpca`` option includes several options to identify the "correct" number
of PCA components.
``kundu`` and ``kundu-stabilize`` use several echo-based criteria to exclude PCA
components that are unlikely to contain T2* or S0 signal.
``mdl`` (conservative & fewest components), ``kic``,
& ``aic`` (liberal & more components) use `MAPCA`_.
Within the same general method, each uses a cost function to find a minimum
where more components no longer model meaningful variance.
For some datasets we see all methods fail and result in too few or too many components.
There is no consistent number of components or % variance explained to define the correct number.
The correct number of components will depend on the noise levels of the data.
For example, smaller voxels will results in more thermal noise and less total variance explained.
A dataset with more head motion artifacts will have more variance explained,
since more structured signal is within the head motion artifacts.
The clear failure cases are extreme. That is getting less than 1/5 the number of components

> compared to time points or having nearly has many components as time point.

Author: ```suggestion
compared to time points or having nearly as many components as time points.
```

We are working on identifying why this happens and adding get better solutions.
Our current guess is that most of the above methods assume data are
independant and identically distributed (IID),
and signal leakage from in-slice and multi-slice accelleration may violate this assumption.

We have one option that is generally useful and is also a partial solution.
``--ica_method robustica`` will run `robustica`_.
This is a method that, for a given number of PCA components,

> will repeated run ICA and identify components that are stable across iterations.

Author: will "repeatedly " run

Reviewer: @BahmanTahayori: This particular fix has already been addressed in 8743acab373a904be696f5a202e2085b7f00ce2e, but for the sake of future interactions, you can propose such fixes on GitHub in a way that maintainers can accept with a single button press: https://haacked.com/archive/2019/06/03/suggested-changes/ (you may have previously interacted with this mechanism when I was proposing modifications on your fork).

Author: Thanks @Lestropie. Will consider it for the next time.

that is on the high end of typical for a study,
and then `robustica`_ will reduce the number of components to only find stable information.
That said, if the fixed PCA component number is too high,
then the method will have too many unstable components,
and if the fixed PCA component number is too low, then there will be even fewer ICA components.
The number of ICA components is more consisent,
but is still sensitive to the intial number of PCA components.
For example, for a single dataset 60 PCA components might result in 46 stable ICA components,
while 55 PCA components might results in 43 stable ICA components.
We are still testing how these interact and give better recommendations and even more stable results.
At that point, ``--ica_method robustica`` might become the default setting,
While the TEDANA developers expect that ``--ica_method robustica`` may become
the default configuration in future TEDANA versions,
it is first being released to the public as a non-default option
in hope of gaining insight into its behaviour
across a broader range of multi-echo fMRI data.
If users are having trouble with PCA component estimation failing on a dataset,
we recommend using RobustICA;

> we also invite user feedback on its behaviour and efficacy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and we invite users to send us feedback on its behavior and efficacy.
```
